Add changelog for 5.12.0 -> 5.13.0 (#252)
luanti-org/docs.luanti.org: content/about/changelog.md

Note that not all changes made to the code between releases are listed here. Fixes to bugs that were introduced after the previous release, small internal changes, code style fixes, and changes of the like are not listed. If you want a list of _every_ change made between releases see the [commit log](https://github.com/luanti-org/luanti/commits/master).

## 5.12.0 → 5.13.0

Yet not released.

### Deprecations and compatibility notes

> - Vector passed to C++ API functions may no longer have `nil` components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vectors passed to C++ API functions may no longer have `nil` components.
```

- Add keybinding for world close key (`keymap_close_world`) (_DragonWrangler1_)
- Relaxed path checks in the main menu to allow downloading mods to symlinked directories (_sfan5_)

### World / Server / Environment
- The Luanti version is now printed after the ASCI logo (_sfan5_)
- Fix main menu hang caused by dropped DNS packets (_sfan5_)
- Fix newline conversion in formspecs on Windows (copy & paste) (_PtiLuky_)
- Fix crash caused by empty particle spawner texture (_Krock_)

### Script API / Modding
- Various lua_api.md improvements (_grorp_, _jordan4ibanez_, _Xeno333_, _TheEt1234_)
- Empty Voxel Manipulators can be created using `VoxelManip:initialize()` (_sfan5_)
- Fixed an issue where sizeless text input formspecs would incorrectly send `ExitButton` as text (_Krock_)
- `core.show_formspec` now allows showing a player inventory (_Krock_)
- `core.get_node_raw` is now a public API (_sfan5_)
- New API function `core.get_mapgen_chunksize()` (_sfan5_)
- Newly spawned entities now have a persistent GUID, see `ObjectRef;get_guid()` (_sfence_, _Desour_)

### Misc / Maintenance
- Many various code improvements and cleanups (_sfan5_, _PtiLuky_)

> - Improved unittests (_sfan5_, _lhofhansl_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved unit tests (_sfan5_, _lhofhansl_)
```

- Model skeleton animation cleanups, test and documentation (_appgurueu_)

> - The CMake files now include header files for Visual Studio (Code) (_PtiLuky_)

Reviewer: The editor name doesn't have parens around it, unless you mean it's useful for both Visual Studio and for Visual Studio Code? If so, I'd write out both names, it's kinda confusing to me when it's just three words

```suggestion
- Header files are now added as CMake sources (useful for Visual Studio Code) (_PtiLuky_)
```

> - The CMake files now include header files for Visual Studio (Code) (_PtiLuky_)

Author: It's supposed to include both, hence I'd like to keep the nested notation.

> - The CMake files now include header files for Visual Studio (Code) (_PtiLuky_)

Reviewer: Then I'd say "useful for Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code" for clarity

> - The CMake files now include header files for Visual Studio (Code) (_PtiLuky_)

Author: I prefer to stay brief. It really does not matter. I went with the suggestion proposed by Desour.
